My number was blocked during its hacking by an unknown person who used it in an illegal manner and violated the terms and conditions of WhatsApp You can also view my past actions and backups to make sure there are no violations Therefore, please unblock my number, while it concerns me You have the right to block my number when you notice any actions that violate copyright, and you must also look for a reasonable justification, because I am not guilty, and from now on I will contribute to the preservation and observance of the Terms of Use of WhatsApp everywhere and in any time at any moment Thank you for accepting the apology.Complaints I received against my account are simply personal disputes. I think it's wrong to ban my account because of personal differences between me and people. My account should be blocked for violating the WhatsApp Terms of Use. Please don't react to my complaints about personal disputes, you can only block my account if you violate the terms and conditions and thank you for your understanding. Please unblock my number as soon as possible, my WhatsApp account brings money to me and my family, I can't give it away. Also, I can't use my account to abuse or violate the terms of WhatsApp. If there is any violation that may be unintentional or negligent, I hope you will remove the ban and again read and abide by the terms of WhatsApp, because I have a very important business that will be destroyed if it is not removed from the account. . Thank you for understanding, my WhatsApp account has been blocked due to a misunderstanding, you cannot leave my account blocked without confirming the reason and the actions taken by you. This is incorrect and arbitrary. You do not have the right to impose a fine only because of a suspicious or unintended event or because a hacker used my account to discredit me and my business.Since I am a business owner, I have many enemies who ask me to configure my account and configure my account so that I can stop working. You should help me and give me a chance to stand up and not leave work. I hope you asked to review my case and apologize, thanks. Мой номер [+923289052464]
